Introduction

Goal
    Find a smooth vector field on a manifold shape
        Useful for things like:
            - Hair rendering
            - Quadrilateral remeshing
            - Art!

Problem
    How would we do it on a flat surface?
        Carry a tangent from one triangle to the other, use this as directions for vector field
        Don't even need to turn, make everything point in one direction and we're done
    But when the surface is curved, stuff gets hard
        Show example from paper, describe problem
        This difference in angle is called the "holonomy" of a path

Algorithm Overview
    Actually not a difficult problem... it's essentially just a matrix equation!
    First things first, not actually possible without anomalies (usually!): hairy ball theorem
    However, we'll just define anomalies and work with that, that's fine

Main Algorithm
    Idea: whenever a vector crosses an edge, add a small rotation x_e
        If traversed in reverse, add the *negative* rotation -x_e instead
    We should guarantee that the cycle around a vertex has an holonomy of 0
        This already leads to a linear equation
        Exception made for anomaly vertices, these can have a full rotation (or something else?)
    We can actually merge neighboring paths by adding up their equations
        Opposite edges just cancel each other out!
        We can keep doing this to get bigger and bigger cycles
        If we can guarantee a holonomy of 0 for the small cycles, we can guarantee it for their sums too!
    Already nice, but we cannot make "noncontractible cycles" this way
        First find them using tree-cotree-decomposition (briefly skim over this)
        These cycles form the basis for ALL noncontractible cycles, using the contractible cycles
    Show the d-matrix, filled with the basis of all vectors
        |V| rows for all small vertex cycles, 2g rows for all contractible cycles
        This is our A! (show Ax = b)
    Okay, but what about b?
        In most places, equal to the *negative holonomy*, to cancel out the holonomy in a cycle
        In cycles containing anomalies, however, also includes the anomaly itself (extra rotation)
    Now we solve!
        However, the system is *underdetermined*; there are many solutions
        We take the one with the smallest L2-norm (there are solvers that do this for you)
            Why? To limit the extra rotations as much as possible

Extensions
    Add weights to certain edge rotations, loosely proportional to edge length

Evaluation
    Performs well!
        ...
        Time does not scale with number of anomalies or their intensity
    The method is robust to noise (show examples)
